alright in this video we're going to
talk about a Chicago Bowl archenemy but
definitely one of the best players in
the game from Robbins Illinois tween
word from LeBron on Rose yeah but no um
so basically in the offseason Pat Riley
a challenge Dwyane Wade to lose weight
and to find his basketball skills these
were two challenges from Pat Riley to
Dwyane Wade so once again goes to show
you that not Spoelstra it's not
necessarily LeBron its LeBron to a
certain degree its way to a certain
degree but Pat Riley is still a
predominant leader of that franchise arm
Dwyane Wade obviously had the knee
problems he's coming off the knee issues
so he's hoping to prepare his body to
deal with that to come back in better
health so he can better perform
throughout the season without wearing
down he has decided to rehire uh Michael
Jordan's trainer Tim Grover who's worked
with wade lebron kobe you name it he's
rehired Tim Grover to come in and work
Dwayne Wade out for six weeks before
training camp for the heat so Dwayne
Wade is going into his own personal
training camp for six weeks prior to the
heat starting their training camp and
he's hoping to be in great shape to
start the season um yeah verage 21.2
points per game during the regular
season 15.9 in playoffs we definitely
know they struggled quite a bit arm a
Tim Grover this was his comment I don't
train my clients to be good as new I
want them to be better than ever that's
the goal for Dwayne so Tim Grover ready
to put dwyane wade through the regimen
he's one of the best sports trainers on
the planet and I fully expect Dwyane
Wade to have a monster season last year
I mean even struggling with injuries I
thought he's still contributed quite a
bit to that championship team we had
some big games in the regular season a
couple in the play
is not as many as we're a custom buddy
who's playing hurt so they're obviously
going to go into preventive training
where they're going to build up muscles
to prevent further injuries from
happening Tim Grover will give him a
dietary regimen he will give him a
training regiment to use throughout the
season and I think dwyane wade's in good
hands and I think the rest of us were
fans of other teams could be in trouble
Dwyane Wade comes back better than ever
well you guys think i think that uh i
think that he needs to build up his body
in a certain way to prevent his injury
but i think at this point just like you
had just mentioned Pat Riley said that
he needs to find his basketball skills
again and he wants him to drop weight
what I take from that I feel like maybe
it you know when i watch Dwyane Wade
compared to early in his career he does
feel he doesn't you know how they used
to comb flash he doesn't that quickness
and that that first step doesn't seem to
be there as much obviously injuries are
involved but I think he's honestly a
little bit too muscle-bound at this
point maybe he should drop you should
drop a little bit of weight and you know
refine his skills again but working with
a guy like Tim Grover I mean there's no
there's nobody better so why would you
say 15 pounds 20 pounds i would say
about 15 to 20 pounds not a muscle but
in general just pounds yeah just drop
way maybe I think I think he should I
don't know what he was in his younger
but you know if he could be like 205
something like that to 10 because he's
probably like 220 225 now but I mean
it's not all about his weight he needs
to refine his skills too and I think
motivation plays a factor in injuries so
it all goes together but I think maybe
Pat Riley's a little fire under his ass
which would be scary for someone a lot
of the other team's the league like you
already said but uh yeah nobody there's
nobody else better there's not a better
trainer out there so I mean you know if
for some reason Tim Grover doesn't
change Wade nobody else's but I'm pretty
I'm it's like a it's very likely that
Duane will probably come back pretty
strongly next you're working with go
over so well that happens yeah and I
think one of the biggest reasons you
alluded to it that join we'd would need
to you know get a little more lean and
trim down
a little bit is to take some of that
pressure off those knee joints biggest
Mike what are your thoughts Dwyane Wade
retooling preparing to really go out it
with Tim Grover for this upcoming season
10 world well I mean when I remember duh
after doing Leigh that that uh was into
rehab after he kept getting her in 07
and 08 I mean he went to Tim Grover and
then you know worked out with him in the
rehab sessions and for him to come back
in 09 and then 09 the guy had an MVP
type season so I mean working out what I
mean why not try again I mean because
when he worked out with Tim Grover
before he came back after having serious
injury issues he came back and became an
MVP type player I don't know if he'll be
that kind of player again because right
now don't see how anyone could be better
than LeBron but I mean if he could be
even close to as good as he was in 09
that's going to be skin a scary sight
because man I mean what doing we did on
9 was remarkable so I mean if he could
go back to that level if he could you
know go back to that quickness that were
used to seeing from him maybe not get
hurt as much maybe cut down on the
injuries then oh my god dude this guy's
gonna be scary yeah and it's at that
stage of his career where he's really
got to be conscious of things that he's
doing you know with this training and
his dietary you know all the dietary
stuff and supplements and stuff like
that I'm sure Tim Grover is going to
load them up on supplements um so we'll
see how vain will aid comes back and
looks next year let us know what you
think do you think Dwyane Wade is going
to go into beast mode and I guess that's
it subscribe to rate at HR exports
follow at John Jay 06 on Twitter hid
light hit subscribe thank you for
watching leave a comment